feat: add flag FailureBehavior in Cast expression (#186)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/expressions/specialized_record_expressions.md

## Cast Expression

> To convert a value from one type to another, Substrait defines a cast expression. Cast expression declare an expected type, an input argument and an enumeration flag that contains enhancement conditions, such as `CONDITION_FLAG_NULL_ON_FAILURE` which  prevents throws and instead returns null on cast failure.

Reviewer: typo: "Cast expression declare" -> "Cast expression declares"

Reviewer 2: It should be either "**A** cast expression declare**s**" or "Cast expression**s** declare", actually. As you corrected it and as it was originally written it's missing an article.

I would also rewrite the addition to something like "and an argument specifying whether the operation should throw or return null on failure."

> To convert a value from one type to another, Substrait defines a cast expression. Cast expression declares an expected type, an input argument and an enumeration flag that contains enhancement conditions, such as `CONDITION_FLAG_NULL_ON_FAILURE` which  prevents throws and instead returns null on cast failure.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To convert a value from one type to another, Substrait defines a cast expression. Cast expressions declare an expected type, an input argument and an enumeration specifying failure behavior, indicating whether cast should return null on failure or throw an exception.
```
